name	row_number	problem_type	problem_col	error_message
hz05	0	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05	0	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz06	1	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06	1	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz07	2	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07	2	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz09	3	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz09	3	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz10	4	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10	4	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz11	5	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11	5	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz13	6	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13	6	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz15	7	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15	7	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz18	8	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18	8	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz20	9	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20	9	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgf10	10	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10	10	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgf13	11	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13	11	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh03	12	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03	12	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05	13	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05	13	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh07	14	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07	14	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09	15	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09	15	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12	16	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12	16	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1	17	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1	17	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1	18	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1	19	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04	20	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04	20	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgj06	21	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06	21	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk06	22	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06	22	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk08	23	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08	23	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09	24	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09	24	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1	25	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1	25	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1	26	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1	27	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04	28	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04	28	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t1	29	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t1	29	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t1	30	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t1	31	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05	32	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05	32	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t1	33	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t1	33	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t1	34	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t1	35	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2	36	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2	36	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2	37	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2	38	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
