name	row_number	problem_type	problem_col	error_message
hz05a	0	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05a	1	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05b	2	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05b	3	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05c	4	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05c	5	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05e	6	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05e	7	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05f	8	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05f	9	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05g	10	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05g	11	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05h	12	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05h	12	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz06a	13	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06a	14	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06b	15	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06b	16	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06c	17	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06c	18	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07a	19	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07a	20	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07b	21	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07b	22	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07c	23	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07c	24	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07d	25	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07d	26	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07e	27	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07e	28	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz09a	29	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz09a	30	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz09b	31	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz09b	31	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz10a	32	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10a	32	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz10b	33	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10b	34	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10c	35	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10c	36	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10d	37	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10d	38	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11a	39	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11a	40	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11b	41	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11b	42	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11c	43	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11c	44	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13a	45	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13a	46	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13b	47	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13b	48	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13c	49	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13c	49	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz13d	50	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13d	50	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz13e	51	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13e	52	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13f	53	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13f	54	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15a	55	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15a	56	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15b	57	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15b	58	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15c	59	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15c	60	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18a	61	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18a	62	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18b	63	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18b	63	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz18c	64	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18c	64	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz18d	65	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18d	66	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18e	67	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18e	68	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18f	69	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18f	69	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz20a	70	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20a	70	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz20b	71	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20b	72	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20c	73	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20c	74	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20d	75	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20d	75	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
hz20e	76	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20e	77	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20f	78	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20f	79	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10a	80	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10a	81	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10b	82	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10b	83	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10c	84	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10c	84	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgf10d	85	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10d	86	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10e	87	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10e	87	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgf13a	88	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13a	88	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgf13b	89	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13b	90	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13c	91	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13c	91	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgf13d	92	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13d	93	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13e	94	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13e	95	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13f	96	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13f	97	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03a	98	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03a	98	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh03b	99	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03b	100	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03c	101	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03c	101	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh03d	102	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03d	102	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh03e	103	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03e	103	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh03f	104	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03f	105	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03g	106	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03g	107	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03h	108	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03h	109	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03i	110	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03i	111	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03j	112	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03j	113	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03k	114	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03k	114	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05a	115	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05a	115	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05b	116	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05b	116	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05c	117	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05c	117	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05d	118	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05d	118	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05e	119	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05e	119	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh05f	120	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh05f	120	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh07a	121	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07a	121	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh07b	122	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07b	123	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07c	124	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07c	124	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh07d	125	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07d	126	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07e	127	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07e	127	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09b	128	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09b	128	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09c	129	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09c	129	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09e	130	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09e	130	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09f	131	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09f	131	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09g	132	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09g	132	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09h	133	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09h	134	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09i	135	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09i	135	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09j	136	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09j	137	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09k	138	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09k	139	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09l	140	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09l	141	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09m	142	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09m	143	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09n	144	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09n	144	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09o	145	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09o	145	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09p	146	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09p	146	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh09q	147	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09q	147	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t101	148	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t101	148	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t102	149	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t102	149	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1PI	150	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1PI	151	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1a1	152	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1a1	152	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1b1	153	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1b1	153	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1c1	154	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1c1	154	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1d1	155	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1d1	155	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1e1	156	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1e1	156	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1f1	157	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1f1	157	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1g1	158	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1g1	158	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1h1	159	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1h1	159	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1i1	160	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1i1	160	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgh12t1i2	161	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1i2	161	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgj04a	162	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04a	163	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04b	164	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04b	165	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04c	166	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04c	166	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgj04d	167	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04d	168	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04e	169	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04e	169	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgj06a	170	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06a	171	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06b	172	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06b	173	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06c	174	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06c	175	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06d	176	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06d	177	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06a	178	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06a	179	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06b	180	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06b	181	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06c	182	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06c	183	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06d	184	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06d	185	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08a	186	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08a	187	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08b	188	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08b	189	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08c	190	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08c	191	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08d	192	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08d	192	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk08e	193	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08e	194	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1PI	195	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1PI	196	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1a1	197	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1a1	197	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1a2	198	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1a2	198	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1b1	199	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1b1	199	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1b2	200	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1b2	200	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1c1	201	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1c1	201	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1c2	202	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1c2	202	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1d1	203	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1d1	203	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgk09t1d2	204	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1d2	204	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t101	205	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t101	205	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t102	206	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t102	206	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t103	207	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t103	207	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t104	208	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t104	208	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t105	209	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t105	209	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t106	210	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t106	210	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t107	211	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t107	211	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t108	212	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t108	212	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t109	213	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t109	213	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t110	214	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t110	214	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t111	215	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t111	215	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t112	216	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t112	216	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq04t1PI	217	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq04t1PI	217	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t101	218	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t101	218	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t102	219	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t102	219	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t103	220	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t103	220	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t104	221	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t104	221	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t105	222	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t105	222	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t106	223	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t106	223	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t107	224	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t107	224	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t108	225	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t108	225	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t109	226	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t109	226	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t111	227	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t111	227	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t112	228	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t112	228	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t1PI	229	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t1PI	230	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2PI	231	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2PI	232	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2a1	233	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2a1	233	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2a2	234	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2a2	234	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2b1	235	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2b1	235	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2b2	236	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2b2	236	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2c2	237	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2c2	237	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2d1	238	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2d1	238	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2d2	239	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2d2	239	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2e1	240	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2e1	240	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2e2	241	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2e2	241	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2f1	242	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2f1	242	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
mgq05t2f2	243	value	criteria	This value: "None" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2f2	243	value	specimens	This value: "None" is not found in: specimen column in specimens table
